In the last lecture we had a look at the basic NGF syntax and that's the syntax you're going to use.
Most of the time there is one alternative to it though.
Sometimes you have not only the if condition but also the else condition.
So here we might want to say sir was created sort of a name is something with NGF but we could also
add the else block where we don't want to say No sir was created.
Now we deleted that exact text for the reason that we don't want to see it.
But imagine that we do want to show that alternative.
So no server was created could be the text here and now we want to show this paragraph only if NGF is
not true or does condition server created is not true.
We can achieve this by placing a local reference on these element here and local reference is something
I will dive deeper into in the understanding components and data mining section this course.
For now let's think of it as a marker.
So I will named is no server.
Any name you like.
Same as.
No server with a capital S..
And now we need to change the paragraph you're to N-G template that as a component that directive shipping
with angular which you can use to mark places in the dorm.
And now I will add the paragraph back in this template with the text in between like this.
So now basically the text you want the output.
And now with Engy template with the local reference a marker on it we mark a certain spot in the template
which we want to show conditionally.
Now to show it conditionally we simply enhance NGF by also adding else and then no server.
So this marker we placed on Engy template and that's all the index we need if we save this you see no
server was created.
And as soon as I click here that gets replaced with server was created.
So that is energy if else a nice lil addition in a use case where you have.
Well an else condition.
Of course the alternative would always be to simply use Engy if we have the reversed check.
So with exclamation marks are created.
But that here is another nice alternative.
Now I'm going to delete it.
You will find an article after the section you have though where you can find this code again and get
kids who are interested and will also use this code in the course project we're going to build.
I just wanted to highlight that this option exists using energy of light.
This however is DKs you will see most of it.
Now let's continue